Update Humanitec integration docs to contain newly supported resources (#2502)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/humanitec-integration.md

import HumanitecGroups from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_groups.mdx";
import HumanitecUsers from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_users.mdx";
import HumanitecPipelines from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_pipelines.mdx";
import HumanitecDeploymentDeltas from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_deployment_deltas.mdx";
import HumanitecDeploymentSets from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_deployment_sets.mdx";
import HumanitecSecretStores from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_secret_stores.mdx";
import HumanitecValueSetVersions from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_value_set_versions.mdx";
import HumanitecSharedValues from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_shared_values.mdx";

# Humanitec Integration

## Overview 

In this example, you are going to create a github worklow integration to facilitate the ingestion of Humanitec applications, environments, workloads, resources, resource graphs, pipelines, deployment deltas, deployment sets, secret stores, shared values, value set versions, users, groups into your port catalog on schedule

> :::info Prerequisites

Reviewer: Let's remove this prerequisite as it's not needed here.
Let's move it to the part we set up the GitHub workflow, it can be under a header as add GitHub secretes.
You can check sample guides that implement a Github workflow for example this one [acknowledge incident](https://docs.port.io/guides/all/acknowledge-incident/)

import HumanitecExporterRequirements from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_exporter_requirements.mdx";
import HumanitecExporterPortClient from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_exporter_port_client.mdx";
import HumanitecExporterHumanitecClient from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_exporter_humanitec_client.mdx";
import HumanitecGroups from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_groups.mdx";
import HumanitecUsers from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_users.mdx";
import HumanitecPipelines from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_pipelines.mdx";
import HumanitecDeploymentDeltas from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_deployment_deltas.mdx";
import HumanitecDeploymentSets from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_deployment_sets.mdx";
import HumanitecSecretStores from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_secret_stores.mdx";
import HumanitecValueSetVersions from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_value_set_versions.mdx";
import HumanitecSharedValues from "/docs/guides/templates/humanitec/_humanitec_shared_values.mdx";

# Humanitec Integration

> In this guide, you are going to create a GitHub worklow integration to facilitate the ingestion of Humanitec applications, environments, workloads, resources, resource graphs, pipelines, deployment deltas, deployment sets, secret stores, shared values, value set versions, users, groups into your Port catalog on schedule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to create a GitHub worklow integration to facilitate the ingestion of Humanitec applications, environments, workloads, resources, resource graphs, pipelines, deployment deltas, deployment sets, secret stores, shared values, value set versions, users, groups into your Port catalog on schedule.

```

> <img src="/img/guides/humanitecEnvironment.png" alt="Humanitec Integration" width="75%" border="1px" />

Reviewer 2: the image doesnt appear, looks like a small typo

   - `PORT_CLIENT_SECRET` - Your port `client secret` [How to get the credentials](https://docs.port.io/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/api/#find-your-port-credentials).
:::

## Set up data model

> Create the following blueprint definitions in port:

Reviewer: Let's add the steps in creating blueprints here: 
`1. Go to the [Builder](https://app.getport.io/settings/data-model) page of your portal.

2. Click on `+ Blueprint`.

3. Click on the `{...}` button in the top right corner, and choose `Edit JSON`.

4. Add the JSON schemas:`

<HumanitecResourceBlueprint/>

<HumanitecSecretStores/>

<HumanitecSharedValues/>

<HumanitecValueSetVersions/>

<HumanitecDeploymentSets/>

<HumanitecPipelines/>

<HumanitecDeploymentDeltas/>

<HumanitecUsers/>

<HumanitecGroups/>

:::tip Blueprint Properties
You may select the blueprints depending on what you want to track in your Humanitec account.
:::

## Set up the integration

> :::tip

Reviewer 2: this is quite strange as a callout. What would you like the user to do here? perhaps make this a regular step and clarify

:::tip
Fork our [humanitec integration repository](https://github.com/port-labs/humanitec-integration-script.git) to get started.
:::

> 1. Create the following Python files in a folder named `integration` at the base directory of your GitHub repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the following Python files in a folder named `integration` at the base directory of your GitHub repository:

```

>     1. `main.py` - Orchestrates the synchronization of data from Humanitec to Port, ensuring that resource entities are accurately mirrored and updated on your port catalog.

Reviewer: The order here doesn't really matter so we can use unordered list here to make it more visually appealing. 
The numbered list in a numbered list makes it hard to read
```suggestion
    - `main.py` - Orchestrates the synchronization of data from Humanitec to Port, ensuring that resource entities are accurately mirrored and updated on your port catalog.

```

>     2. `requirements.txt` - This file contains the dependencies or necessary external packages need to run the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `requirements.txt` - This file contains the dependencies or necessary external packages need to run the integration

```
